# MULTI-TEMPORAL-SATELLITE-IMAGE-PROCESSING-AND-CHANGE-DETECTION-IN-GREEN-COVER-OF-NATIONAL-CAPITAL-RE
The first objective is that the recent studies (Nagendra et al., 2012) shows that the trends of urbanisation in the subcontinent of India differs hugely from that of urban cities of Europe and North America. This could be seen, as the land rates in the city center are too high and even affording a small patch of land in city centers in expensive so, developers prefer peripheral land areas for bringing out new development projects. By this reasoning, the green covers of city area remains protected and depletion happens hugely in peripheral areas. We need to learn these differences while planning for urban centers in India. An American model can not answer the calls. The second focus of the project is on the fact that India hugely lack a planned urban development policy like other south asian countries(United Nations, 2014). Delhi is not a new city. It has been there since mughal era. It came in its present shape during British time. So the urban structure of Delhi is highly dependent on its colonial history. British developed many operational buildings to run administration of British India in Delhi. Even today, The city center of Delhi has big buildings and large area patches which are under aegis of government and are handled by various government authorities. We need to have a thorough understanding of these areas occupied by public institutes as they play a major role in safeguarding greenery in the midst of Delhi (Nagendra et al., 2012). These are the areas, where vegetation can be preserved in the best possible ways. The third objective of the report is to identify the relationship between construction of roads and vanishing of green covers in the periphery region of national capital territory (NCT). This is evident from group reports that the civilization tends to settle around the roads. So once the roads are made, the area near them becomes most vulnerable to get converted from green area to urban area. 
